#labels Featured,performance

= Objects =

 * RayHandler is heavy weight object. It contains many float arrays and couple FBO:s when openGL es 2.0 is avaible. RayHandler can safely used over the aplication lifetime. RayHandler need to be disposed when its destroyed.

 * Lights are moderate weight objects. Every light contain two mesh and if possible try to reuse these lights. Just set ligth to disabled if you know that you will be needing another that type of light soon. Remove lights if you dont need them anymore or there is big time window between them. Be aware that setActive(false) do not set body reference to null.

= Performance tips =

 * Disabled light do not have any performance overhead. Disable lights are stored on separate list.

 * Disable shadows if game is running on platform with GL es 1.0 and where render target do not have alpha channel. Usually this mean android with gles1.0. This maybe can be done automatically in library but dont count on that!

 * Static flag make light very cheap for cpu. You can use static light even for objects that move but they do it rarely. Static lights can be attached to bodies but they do not follow body movement after initial attach call. Every time you call method that alter static light state it has to be updated. Static lights is wrong choise if light is updated every frame.

 * Xray flag prevent all the raycasting for the light. So this lower cpu load about 80%. Xrays are optimal for small objects and usually dynamic light look better/smoother when combined with xray pointlight.